en: refine TLS docs; add a FAQ about task upgrade (#451)
pingcap/docs-dm: en/generate-self-signed-certificates.md

A certificate authority (CA) is a trusted entity that issues digital certificates. In practice, contact your administrator to issue the certificate or use a trusted CA. CA manages multiple certificate pairs. Here you only need to generate an original pair of certificates as follows.

1. Generate the CA key:

    {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

    ```bash

>     openssl genrsa -out ca.key.pem 4096

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    openssl genrsa -out ca-key.pem 4096
```

Author: 这里源 PR 给的就是 ca.key.pem，需要把中文也改了吗？

Reviewer: 噫，原 PR 还是 ca.key.pem 吗？如果是的话，也改成 `ca-key.pem`。

Author: 又 check 了一下，原 PR 没问题，翻的时候看错了😅

    IP.4 = 172.16.10.13
    ```

    The following checking items of SAN are currently supported:

    - `IP`
    - `DNS`
    - `URI`

    > **Note:**
    >

>     > If a special IP such as `0.0.0.0` is to be used for connection communication, you must also add it to `alt_names`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    > If a special IP such as `0.0.0.0` is to be used for connection or communication, you must also add it to `alt_names`.
```

> 4. Save the `openssl.cnf` file, and generate the certificate request file (in this step, you can set the value of `Common Name (e.g. server FQDN or YOUR name) []:` to assign a Common Name (CN) to the certificate, such as `dm`, which is used to allow the server to validate the identity of the client. Each component does not enable the validation by default, and you can enable it in the configuration file):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Save the `openssl.cnf` file, and generate the certificate request file: (When giving input to `Common Name (e.g. server FQDN or YOUR name) []:`, you assign a Common Name (CN) to the certificate, such as `dm`. It is used by the server to validate the identity of the client. Each component does not enable the validation by default. You can enable it in the configuration file.)
```
